---
layout: default
title: Needless
date: '2019-11-06 18:41:13'
thumbnail: /images/uploads/needless-mockup.png
---
**SKILLS:** UX Design, Design Thinking, UX Research, Interactive Prototyping

For this project, my team partnered with the founders of Needless, a project which aimed to provide an instant connection to those in the community with needs with the people who would be able to provide them. Together, we focused on building an experience for users in which they would be able to give and receive food, as we believed this may be one of the more difficult aspects of the Needless project. Our goal was to make the application accessible, trustworthy, and scalable depending on user needs.

**MY ANGLE:**

> This project was very useful in teaching me about what it takes to create products and services that users can fully trust in, not only through the screen but also with real life experiences in general. Throughout the project, we focused a lot on accessible design and I was able to learn a lot about designing for the visually impaired. During the research phase, we focused a lot on task-based applications (ie. Uber, Airbnb, Taskrabbit) and I was able to build an understanding of what makes these applications so successful. I took a main role in developing our interactive prototype, and focused on creating high-contrast, readable, and accessible screens that could be understood universally. This was critical, as we did not want anyone to face any type of barrier while giving and receiving through the application.
